The Cox regression results can be interpreted as follow:
1.	Statistical significance. The column marked “z” gives the Wald statistic value. 
It corresponds to the ratio of each regression coefficient to its standard error (z = coef/se(coef)). 
The wald statistic evaluates, whether the beta (β) coefficient of a given variable is statistically 
significantly different from 0. From the output above, we can conclude that the variable sex have 
highly statistically significant coefficients.

2.	The regression coefficients. The second feature to note in the Cox model results is the sign 
of the regression coefficients (coef). A positive sign means that the hazard (risk of death) is 
higher, and thus the prognosis worse, for subjects with higher values of that variable. The variable 
sex is encoded as a numeric vector. 1: male, 2: female. The R summary for the Cox model gives the 
hazard ratio (HR) for the second group relative to the first group, that is, female versus male. 
The beta coefficient for sex = -0.53 indicates that females have lower risk of death (lower survival rates) 
than males, in these data.

3.	Hazard ratios. The exponentiated coefficients (exp(coef) = exp(-0.53) = 0.59), also known as 
hazard ratios, give the effect size of covariates. For example, being female (sex=2) reduces the 
hazard by a factor of 0.59, or 41%. Being female is associated with good prognostic.

4.	Confidence intervals of the hazard ratios. The summary output also gives upper and lower 
95% confidence intervals for the hazard ratio (exp(coef)), lower 95% bound = 0.4237, upper 95% bound = 0.816.
5.	Global statistical significance of the model. Finally, the output gives p-values for three alternative 
tests for overall significance of the model: The likelihood-ratio test, Wald test, and score logrank statistics. 
These three methods are asymptotically equivalent. For large enough N, they will give similar results. 
For small N, they may differ somewhat. The Likelihood ratio test has better behavior for small sample sizes, 
so it is generally preferred.
